Our air handler is looking pretty good.
We can now very easily make a request that results in an error.
In any time we do, we get back a message that says something like something went wrong.
Now this definitely works, but there's definitely a downside to this approach.
Right now, we are not really communicating a lot of information back to the user about exactly what
just went wrong.
We are only saying something went wrong.
So I want to make sure that if a user enters in, say, an invalid email or an invalid password, or
if we take a look at our signup request handler right now, if we imagine that there's something wrong
connecting to the database, I want to tell the user about exactly what just went wrong, not just something
went wrong.
So we need to somehow consume some more information out of all these different areas that we are throwing
inside of our air middleware handler.
To do.
So I'm going to go back over to my middleware handler.
So here it is right here.
I'm going to find where we set the message.
I'm going to remove something went wrong and I will replace it with error dot message like so.
So what is this right here?
Well, back inside of our signup request handler, whenever we create a new error and throw it whatever
string we provide as the first argument to that constructor is assigned to the message property of the
air.
So we are creating a new error right here.
This string is going to be used.
It's going to be assigned to the message property.
So over inside of our middleware, by setting message to message, we're going to see whatever string
we gave to the error when we threw it.
And so that should hopefully tell the user a little bit more information about what just went wrong.
So if I save this, I will know.
Now go back over to Postman, I'll send this in again.
And now I'm being told that the request failed because I have an invalid email or password.
If I update the email right here and make it valid instead and then send the request again.
Now I am told you're connecting to the database, so it's clear that we can definitely communicate a
lot more information.
From our request handler to our air handling middleware by attaching that information to the air object
in some way.
But right now, we are really just limited to that message property.
In other words, we are really limited to a simple string.
Ideally we would send back a lot more information to the user than just that simple string.
So for example, whenever we fail validation on that incoming request using that express validator library,
remember we get back an array of objects and those objects describe exactly what property failed validation.
And it also provides a message about what went wrong and how to fix it.
So ideally, when we throw in air object, we would take the results of the express validator step and
somehow attach it to that object.
If we could do something like that, then we can teach our error handling middleware to take that array
of objects, format it in some nice way, and continue to send back some well structured response.
Now, if you're using plain JavaScript, this would be pretty easy to do.
Let me show you one possible solution.
If again, we were using just plain JavaScript.
So back inside my sign up route handler I'm going to pretend for a second that this is JavaScript land.
Not TypeScript.
So if we were in JavaScript land right now, we could write out something like Konst Air is a new air.
And I can say invalid email or password as before.
I could then take that eyres array that we had produced previously.
And we could do something like air dot reasons, totally made up property off the top of my head and
we could assign that the heirs array.
Technically it would be asked to array.
So now we're just simply array.
So now we're going to take that errors that we got back from the validation results.
We're going to turn it into the array of objects and then we will assign it to this new imaginary reason's
property.
We could then throw that error instead of creating a new one on the fly.
If we assigned or took this air stuff and assign it to this reasons property, we can then access that
reason's property inside of our air handler.
We could then iterate over that array of objects all out, all the reasons that this stuff failed.
So it would be messages like say, email must be valid, password must be between four and 20 characters
and so on, and send that back to the user.
So something like this right here, this would be kind of ideal.
This would give us the ability to share a lot more information about what just went wrong with the user
compared to what we have right now.
However, this is not JavaScript land.
We are writing TypeScript and we cannot just assign magic properties made up on the fly to any old object
that we want to assign stuff to.
An error in JavaScript and in TypeScript does not have a reason's property.
And so TypeScript is saying Sorry, but this property just doesn't exist.
You cannot assign something to it.
So it's clear that we need to somehow communicate a lot more information from the request handler to
the air handler.
We have to do it using the error object, but we cannot really use this very simple and straightforward
approach.
We have to do something a little bit more TypeScript, so to speak.
So I'm going to save this.
We're going to take a quick pause right here.
And in the next video, I'm going to show you how we're going to use TypeScript to essentially do this,
but in a much more TypeScript style fashion.